Chen Zhixiong, right?
I see.
I'll go right away.
Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Or let the eldest young master fight in person
Thank you for your hard work.
Master, you are here
Why did you suddenly change your name?
Why do I call you that? Are you awake?
You're quite welcome.
Just call me by my name
That won't work.
Master Xiong has ordered
What we do
It is impossible not to find superiority and inferiority
Oops old classmate
There you are.
Let's make it easy to find
What's your name? I call you old classmate.
You are really the eldest young master of the Wanjia
You didn't say yes sooner, did you?
Well, look at your identity and background.
We will be old classmates in the future
You have to be promoted more
Haha, did you get the wrong person?
A loser like me
How could it be your old classmate?